Toyota: Only use gas interceptor under 19 mph (#21101)
commaai/openpilot: RELEASES.md

========================
 * NEOS update: improved reliability and stability
 * Smart model-based Forward Collision Warning

>  * Toyota: improved longitudinal above 25 mph when using a comma pedal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Improved longitudinal control on Toyotas with a comma pedal
```

 * Lexus UX Hybrid 2019 support thanks to brianhaugen2!
 * SEAT Leon 2017 & 2020 support thanks to jyoung8607!
 * Škoda Octavia 2015 & 2019 support thanks to jyoung8607!

>  * Toyota: improved longitudinal above 25 mph when using a comma pedal

Reviewer: car ports are generally on the bottom of the release notes
